Whether your civil score is low or you are getting a loan
because of your low civil score,
now you don't need to worry. Not only those with low credit scores,
freshers also
get Zed credit cards, that is
free of cost. Using Zed credit
card, you can easily
increase your credit score by 750%.
This is an FD based credit
card, so you can use it by
linking it to any UPI.
RBI also offers 7% annual interest on FD
.  In addition to joining
benefits, this Zed
credit card can help you see
your credit score improve in just 30 days
.
If you want to get a Zed credit card, I'll give you the
Zed app link in the description and pin comments
.  Go and download the Zed app through the link and
get all the benefits for free, using the Zed credit card.
Hello friends, Namaste and welcome back
to our YouTube channel. In today's
video, I
will tell you about ICICI Health Insurance. ICICI Health
Insurance Policy is offered by ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited.
They are providing this plan to protect you financially in case of medical expenses like
hospitalization cost,
day care procedures, free and
post hospitalization cost and Ayush
treatment.
They are
offering various health insurance plans like for
individuals, family
floater plans,
specialized plans for women, and special plans for
senior citizens. They are also
offering special plans like
maternity.  It may be for benefits
or it may be for critical illness as well.
Here you are also given comprehensive
coverage. This coverage includes everything
like
hospitalization expenses, day care
treatment, hospital room rent, doctor
fees, ambulance charges.
Here you
also have cashless facility. More than 2300
hospitals have cashless facility.
So there is no tension. You can get
admitted in any hospital.
Their climbing process is also very
good. They proceed and settle the claim report as soon as you submit it.
So now get your health
covered with ICICI Health
Insurance at a reasonable price.
Along with that, you also get 20% instant commission on
every insurance.
Let's see how to do the issue now.
There is an option called Insurance in your SB ID. If you
tap on it, you will see two options:
Dashboard and History. Now
tap on the dashboard. Now this
page will open. Now tap on this. If you tap
on Health Insurance, it
will ask whose insurance you are taking. Select Female and
enter the next name, email, ID, mobile number and PIN code.
Next, it will
ask who you are taking insurance for. Select
Self or With Partner
or With Children. After
selecting it, an age pop-up will
appear. If you select it and click Next,
various companies will be shown here.
Select ICICI here. This is
5.  There is a lock rupees coverage. Here you
have to fill the insured details like
name, date of birth, marital status,
occupation, next enter weight
and height, feet and inches, next
select annual income and it will
ask if there are any other health issues. Select no and click next.
Next enter nominee name,
relationship and date of birth. If you
tap next, next enter
complete address,
enter PAN number and click next.
Everything you have entered here will be shown here.
If you want to make any changes here, there is also an edit option here. You can
make changes. If there is any
health insurance, you can add it. If
not, then click next. Next terms and  Once you
accept the conditions and make the payment,
your ICICI Health
Insurance will be issued. But remember, the
insurance amount will be deducted from your main wallet.
So first top up your main
wallet and then
issue the insurance.
Once the issue is done, the 20% commission will be
added to your wallet instantly.  Now you can also get
your health insurance
with ICICI Insurance at a very
low price and also get 20% instant
commission. Have you seen how
easy it is to earn money with our service
partner? That was it. If you want to know more about ICICI
Health Insurance,
subscribe to our channel and
check out the videos that have already been uploaded. If you have any
doubts about any other services, comment in the
comment section and let us know.
I will tell you about other services in the next video. Until then,
hello.